Add approach on running-all-the-test-modules (#78)
wso2/ballerina-integrator: docs/running-all-the-test-modules/README.md

# How to run all the test modules?

This guide explains the instructions on running all the test modules without starting the backend and services manually. 

Let's focus this with an example. 

Assume we have ballerina healthcare service backend in ../healthcare/ folder. 

    -> ballerina_integrator
        -> examples
            -> guides
                -> services
                  -> healthcare-service

#### Requirement: 
We have set of integration tutorials in example-integration-tutorials folder which includes set of services(bal files) along with their tests. We need to start the services automatically while running the tests including the backend described above. 

#### Why do we need this?
We have different tutorials as below. Sometimes the same backend resource function can be invoked through different ballerina services. If the backend is running continuously, the data can be duplicated and it can result in giving incorrect test outputs. 

> Therefore, through this example we will guide to start the backend service along with the ballerina services in the beginning of the test module. Then backend and the ballerina services will stop at the end of the test module and restarted in the next test module. In this approach the data will not be duplicated since the backend gets restarted at the end of the module. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Therefore, through this example, we will guide you to start the backend service along with the ballerina services at the beginning of the test module. Then backend and the ballerina services will stop at the end of the test module and restart in the next test module. In this approach the data will not be duplicated since the backend gets restarted at the end of the module. 
```

> In the following example, it is added the same test to the both the tutorials which adds the same data from both tests. With this approach they will not get affected from one another. 

Reviewer: Shall we rephrase this sentence?

Author: Done.

> Folder structure is below for the example-integration-tutorials. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Following is the folder structure for the example-integration-tutorials. 
```

    -> ballerina_integrator
      -> examples
        -> guides
          -> testing
            -> running-all-the-test-modules
              -> example-integration-tutorials
                -> tutorial-1
                  -> addDoctor.bal
                  -> tests
                -> tutorial-2
                  -> addDoctor.bal
                  -> tests

#### Steps
In tutorial-1, we have addDoctor.bal file and tests folder. Through our 'testAddDoctor' test function in addDoctorTest.bal file in tests folder, we invoke particular post resource in service running in http://localhost:9091/healthcare. 

Please note that the backend service runs in http://localhost:9090/healthcare. 

Therefore we need to import the backend service in our tests. 

In order to do that, please follow the below steps. 

1. Find the organization name in Ballerina.toml in healthcare-service resides in ../BallerinaWork/BallerinaInt/ballerina-integrator/examples/guides/services/healthcare-service. 

2. We need to build and add this to the ballerina home repository from project repository. 

> Since all my .bal files in backend service resides in service folder im building as below. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since all the .bal files in backend service reside in service folder we have to build as below. 
```

    Building the module

    ```
    ballerina build --skiptests <module_name>
    ```

>     ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    ```bash
```

    ballerina build --skiptests healthcare
    ```

    Adding it to the central repository
    ```
    ballerina install --no-build <module_name>
    ```
    ```
    ballerina install --no-build healthcare
    ```
    It will result in adding them to the home repository. 
    ```
    wso2/service:0.0.1 [project repo -> home repo]
    ```

3. Since the backend service use resources in util and daos we need to add them as above. 

4. Now we need to import the 'healthcare' module in our test classes. 
    ```
    import wso2/healthcare
    ```
5. Run all the test as below. 
folder location: 

    ../ballerina-integrator/examples/guides/testing/running-all-the-test-modules/example-integration-tutorials

    ```
    ballerina test
    ```

    You will see the tests running similar as below. 

>     ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    ```bash
```
